<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glBindBuffer</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.69.1" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glBindBuffer"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glBindBuffer — bind a named buffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" style="padding-bottom: 1em"><tr><td><code class="funcdef"> void <b class="fsfunc">glBindBuffer</b>(</code></td><td><var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td><td> </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td><var class="pdparam">buffer</var><code>)</code>;</td><td> </td></tr></table><table border="0" summary="Function argument synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td> GLenum  </td><td><var class="pdparam">target</var>;</td></tr><tr><td> GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">buffer</var>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4781678"></a><h2>PARAMETERS</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target to which the buffer object is bound.
                    Must be either
                    <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER</code>, or
                    <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>buffer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the name of a buffer object.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4781607"></a><h2>DESCRIPTION</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glBindBuffer</code> lets you create or use a named buffer object. Calling <code class="function">glBindBuffer</code> with
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> set to
            <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>, <code class="constant">GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>, <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER</code> or
            <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER</code> and <em class="parameter"><code>buffer</code></em> set to the name
            of the new buffer object binds the buffer object name to the target.
            When a buffer object is bound to a target, the previous binding for that
            target is automatically broken.
        </p><p>
            Buffer object names are unsigned integers. The value zero is reserved, but
            there is no default buffer object for each buffer object target.  Instead, <em class="parameter"><code>buffer</code></em> set to zero
            effectively unbinds any buffer object previously bound, and restores client memory usage for that buffer object target.
            Buffer object names and the corresponding buffer object contents are local to
            the shared display-list space (see <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glXCreateContext</span></span>) of the current
            GL rendering context;
            two rendering contexts share buffer object names only if they
            also share display lists.
        </p><p>
            You may use <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenBuffers</span></span> to generate a set of new buffer object names.
        </p><p>
            The state of a buffer object immediately after it is first bound is an unmapped zero-sized memory buffer with
            <code class="constant">READ_WRITE</code> access and <code class="constant">STATIC_DRAW</code> usage.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero buffer object name is bound, GL operations on the target to which it is
            bound affect the bound buffer object, and queries of the target to which it is bound return state 
            from the bound buffer object.  While buffer object name zero is bound, as in the initial state,
            attempts to modify or query state on the target to which it is bound generates an 
            INVALID_OPERATION error.
        </p><p>
            When vertex array pointer state is changed, for example by a call to 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glNormalPointer</span></span>, 
            the current buffer object binding (<code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code>) is copied into the 
            corresponding client state for the vertex array type being changed, for example 
            <code class="constant">GL_NORMAL_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code>.  While a non-zero buffer object is bound to the 
            <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code> target, the vertex array pointer parameter that is traditionally
            interpreted as a pointer to client-side memory is instead interpreted as an offset within the
            buffer object measured in basic machine units.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero buffer object is bound to the <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_ELEMENT_BUFFER</code> target, 
            the indices parameter of <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElements</span></span>, 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawRangeElements</span></span>, or 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glMultiDrawElements</span></span> that is traditionally
            interpreted as a pointer to client-side memory is instead interpreted as an offset within the
            buffer object measured in basic machine units.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero buffer object is bound to the <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER</code> target, 
            the following commands are affected: <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetCompressedTexImage</span></span>, 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetConvolutionFilter</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetHistogram</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetMinmax</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetPixelMap</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetPolygonStipple</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetSeparableFilter</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetTexImage</span></span>, and 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glReadPixels</span></span>.  The pointer parameter that is 
            traditionally interpreted as a pointer to client-side memory where the pixels are to be packed is instead 
            interpreted as an offset within the buffer object measured in basic machine units.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero buffer object is bound to the <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER</code> target, 
            the following commands are affected: <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBitmap</span></span>, 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glColorSubTable</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glColorTable</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexImage1D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexImage2D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexImage3D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexSubImage1D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexSubImage2D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexSubImage3D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glConvolutionFilter1D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glConvolutionFilter2D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawPixels</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glPixelMap</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glPolygonStipple</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glSeparableFilter2D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage1D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage3D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexSubImage1D</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexSubImage2D</span></span>, and 
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexSubImage3D</span></span>.  The pointer parameter that is 
            traditionally interpreted as a pointer to client-side memory from which the pixels are to be unpacked is 
            instead interpreted as an offset within the buffer object measured in basic machine units.
        </p><p>
            A buffer object binding created with <code class="function">glBindBuffer</code> remains active until a different
            buffer object name is bound to the same target, or until the bound buffer object is
            deleted with <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteBuffers</span></span>.
        </p><p>
            Once created, a named buffer object may be re-bound to any target as often as needed.  However,
            the GL implementation may make choices about how to optimize the storage of a buffer object based
            on its initial binding target.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4775124"></a><h2>NOTES</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glBindBuffer</code> is available only if the GL version is 1.5 or greater.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER</code> and <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER</code> are 
            available only if the GL version is 2.1 or greater.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4775154"></a><h2>ERRORS</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not one of the allowable
            values.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if <code class="function">glBindBuffer</code> is executed
            between the execution of <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span> and the corresponding
            execution of <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4775199"></a><h2>ASSOCIATED GETS</h2><p>
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span> with argument <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p><p>
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span> with argument <code class="constant">GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p><p>
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span> with argument <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_PACK_BUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p><p>
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span> with argument <code class="constant">GL_PIXEL_UNPACK_BUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4775252"></a><h2>SEE ALSO</h2><p>
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteBuffers</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenBuffers</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span>,
            <span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsBuffer</span></span>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4775282"></a><h2>COPYRIGHT</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2005
            by Sams Publishing.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
