<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glGetShaderInfoLog</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.69.1" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glGetShaderInfoLog"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetShaderInfoLog — Returns the information log for a shader object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" style="padding-bottom: 1em"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glGetShaderInfoLog</b>(</code></td><td><var class="pdparam">shader</var>, </td><td> </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td><var class="pdparam">maxLength</var>, </td><td> </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td><var class="pdparam">length</var>, </td><td> </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td><var class="pdparam">infoLog</var><code>)</code>;</td><td> </td></tr></table><table border="0" summary="Function argument synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">shader</var>;</td></tr><tr><td>GLsizei  </td><td><var class="pdparam">maxLength</var>;</td></tr><tr><td>GLsizei * </td><td><var class="pdparam">length</var>;</td></tr><tr><td>GLchar * </td><td><var class="pdparam">infoLog</var>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4777296"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the shader object whose information
		    log is to be queried.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the size of the character buffer for
		    storing the returned information log.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Returns the length of the string returned in
		    <em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em> (excluding the null
		    terminator).</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies an array of characters that is used
		    to return the information log.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4763795"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetShaderInfoLog</code> returns the
	information log for the specified shader object. The information
	log for a shader object is modified when the shader is compiled.
	The string that is returned will be null terminated.</p><p><code class="function">glGetShaderInfoLog</code> returns in
	<em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em> as much of the information log as
	it can, up to a maximum of <em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em>
	characters. The number of characters actually returned,
	excluding the null termination character, is specified by
	<em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em>. If the length of the returned
	string is not required, a value of <code class="constant">NULL</code> can
	be passed in the <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em> argument. The
	size of the buffer required to store the returned information
	log can be obtained by calling
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShader</span></span>
	with the value <code class="constant">GL_INFO_LOG_LENGTH</code>.</p><p>The information log for a shader object is a string that
	may contain diagnostic messages, warning messages, and other
	information about the last compile operation. When a shader
	object is created, its information log will be a string of
	length 0.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4763892"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glGetShaderInfoLog</code> is available only
	if the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p><p>The information log for a shader object is the OpenGL
	implementer's primary mechanism for conveying information about
	the compilation process. Therefore, the information log can be
	helpful to application developers during the development
	process, even when compilation is successful. Application
	developers should not expect different OpenGL implementations to
	produce identical information logs.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4763926"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a value generated by
	OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a shader object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em> is less than 0.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<code class="function">glGetShaderInfoLog</code> is executed between the
	execution of
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span>
	and the corresponding execution of
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4770535"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShader</span></span>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_INFO_LOG_LENGTH</code></p><p><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsShader</span></span></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="id4770556"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span>,
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgramInfoLog</span></span>,
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span>,
	<span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glValidateProgram</span></span></p></div></div></body></html>
